.TH "Mock" 3 "21 Feb 2012" "Version 0.2.0" "Amigo" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Mock \- 
.PP
This is a mock display that merely traces itself on the serial output and implements the movement keys used by the visual editor (vi).  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBcom::diag::amigo::Display\fP.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBRead\fP "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMock\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Mock\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBbegin\fP (byte cols, byte rows)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhome\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetCursor\fP (byte col, byte row)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual size_t \fBwrite\fP (uint8_t ch)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBRead\fP \fBread\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This is a mock display that merely traces itself on the serial output and implements the movement keys used by the visual editor (vi). 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file TinyTerminal.ino.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void Mock::begin (byte cols, byte rows)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Initialize. This needs to be done only once. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcols\fP is the number of columns in this display. 
.br
\fIrows\fP is the number of rows in this display. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBcom::diag::amigo::Display\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file TinyTerminal.ino.
.SS "virtual \fBRead\fP Mock::read ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Read the joystick. The returned value will be an enumerated value indicating movement left, down, up, or right, a select indication, or no input. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
an enumerated value. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBcom::diag::amigo::Display\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file TinyTerminal.ino.
.SS "virtual void Mock::setCursor (byte col, byte row)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Place the cursor at the specified position. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcol\fP is the zero-based column number. 
.br
\fIrow\fP is the zero-based row number. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBcom::diag::amigo::Display\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file TinyTerminal.ino.
.SS "virtual size_t Mock::write (uint8_t ch)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Write a character to the display. The signed value that is returned will typically be one, but can be zero if the specified character was somehow invalid, or negative if an error writing the character occurred. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIch\fP is the character that is written to the display. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the number of characters written. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBcom::diag::amigo::Display\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file TinyTerminal.ino.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Amigo from the source code.
